{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Arial;}{\f1 Helvetica-Bold;}}
\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134
\fs24
\pard\qc\b\f1\fs56 EventFlow Investor Memo\par
\pard\qc\f0\fs24 Board Ready \endash\ March 15, 2026\par
\pard\sb240\sa240\qj
\b0\f0
Strategic plan, commercial model, and 4-week MVP roadmap to position EventFlow as a premium EU event operations platform with GDPR-first governance and Amadeus integration priority.\par

\page
\pard\b\f1\fs34 1. Executive Summary\par
\pard\sb120\sa80\b0\f0\fs22
\bullet\tab EventFlow targets the gap between low-end ticketing tools and high-friction enterprise suites.\par
\bullet\tab Core differentiators: advanced registration logic, event-level email builder, governed AI agents, and travel orchestration.\par
\bullet\tab Priority integration: \b Amadeus\b0  for flights/hotels in the event logistics workflow.\par
\bullet\tab Commercial model: SaaS subscription + seats + usage add-ons.\par

\pard\sb200\b\f1 2. 4-Week MVP (Mar 15 \endash\ Apr 12, 2026)\par
\pard\sb80\b0\f0
\b Week 1 \endash\ Platform Foundation\b0\par
\bullet\tab Multi-tenant organizations, RBAC (Owner/Admin/Planner/Onsite/Finance/Viewer), audit logging, GDPR baseline.\par
\bullet\tab Stripe seat-based billing foundation.\par
\b Week 2 \endash\ Registration Excellence\b0\par
\bullet\tab Event management IA finalization (Cvent-like section hierarchy).\par
\bullet\tab Drag-and-drop form builder by group with complex branching + invitations.\par
\bullet\tab Sessions plugin activation with capacity + waitlist.\par
\b Week 3 \endash\ Communications + Integrations\b0\par
\bullet\tab Event email builder with advanced columns, branding blocks, and typography controls.\par
\bullet\tab Email automations (GDPR-safe defaults).\par
\bullet\tab Salesforce + HubSpot sync.\par
\bullet\tab Amadeus Phase A: search + pricing (flight/hotel).\par
\b Week 4 \endash\ Onsite + AI Governance\b0\par
\bullet\tab Badge printing, onsite desk flow, hardening and beta release.\par
\bullet\tab AI in \b approve-first\b0  mode for sensitive actions.\par

\page
\pard\b\f1\fs34 3. Commercial Model (Recommended)\par
\pard\sb120\b0\f0\fs22
\b Launch:\b0  EUR 790/month, 5 seats included.\par
\b Growth:\b0  EUR 1,490/month, 10 seats included.\par
\b Scale:\b0  EUR 2,990/month, 20 seats included.\par
\pard\sb120
Additional seats: EUR 89 (Launch/Growth), EUR 119 (Scale).\par
Usage add-ons: email overage, onsite support package, premium support.\par

\pard\sb200\b\f1 4. Base Case Economics (24 months)\par
\pard\sb120\b0\f0
\bullet\tab M12 MRR: EUR 68K \endash\ 78K\par
\bullet\tab M12 ARR run-rate: EUR 0.82M \endash\ 0.94M\par
\bullet\tab M24 ARR run-rate: EUR 2.8M \endash\ 3.4M\par
\bullet\tab Gross margin target: 78\% \endash\ 82\%\par
\bullet\tab Break-even target: month 18 \endash\ 24\par
\bullet\tab Assumption: 45 paying orgs by M12, 140 by M24.\par

\pard\sb200\b\f1 5. Amadeus Priority Plan\par
\pard\sb120\b0\f0
\b Phase A (MVP):\b0  Flight Offers Search, Flight Offers Price, Hotel Search.\par
\b Phase B (Post-MVP):\b0  Flight Create Orders, Hotel Booking.\par
Rationale: faster go-live, lower support risk, faster demand validation.\par

\pard\sb200\b\f1 6. Governance Clarification: Approve-First\par
\pard\sb120\b0\f0
Approve-first means agents can prepare actions, but critical execution always requires explicit user approval (bulk sends, participant state changes, billing/refund-impacting actions).\par

\pard\sb200\b\f1 7. Board KPIs\par
\pard\sb120\b0\f0
\bullet\tab Number of events\par
\bullet\tab Events by status\par
\bullet\tab Upcoming events\par
\bullet\tab Participants managed\par
\bullet\tab Average email open rate\par
\bullet\tab Average registration rate\par

\page
\pard\b\f1\fs34 Appendix \endash\ Sources\par
\pard\sb120\b0\f0\fs20
https://www.grandviewresearch.com/industry-analysis/event-management-software-market-report\par
https://swoogo.events/pricing\par
https://www.accelevents.com/pricing\par
https://www.eventbrite.com/organizer/pricing/\par
https://www.salesforce.com/sales/pricing/\par
https://ecosystem.hubspot.com/marketplace/apps/salesforce\par
https://stripe.com/billing/pricing\par
https://developers.amadeus.com/self-service/apis-docs/guides/developer-guides/quick-start/\par
https://developers.amadeus.com/self-service/apis-docs/guides/developer-guides/pricing/\par
https://developers.amadeus.com/self-service/apis-docs/guides/developer-guides/resources/flights/\par
https://developers.amadeus.com/self-service/apis-docs/guides/developer-guides/resources/hotels/\par
https://developers.fattureincloud.it/docs/api-reference\par
}
